# PyBer_Analysis

## This assignment demonstrated methods of how to drill down on a data set to get very detailed information. Several methods were utilized to extract information from the data set over several steps. The data provided was grouped, added, divided, and the average was calculated. Persons in the Urban city type utilize ride services significantly more than persons in the Suburban and rural setting.  Urban use of ride services also lead to significant revenue generation. Among the three areas there is a sharp increase in usage between the months of February and March 2019.

## Working and enrollment in a course is difficult and requires focus.   The weekly assignments are long and jammed with information.  One expects that at the completion of each module you are prepared to tackle the challenge.  This week's assignment was particularly difficult as it contained several functions not discussed in class.  Some functions were easily researched withsuccessful application but others were far from that.  Utilization of the Teaching Assistants during office hours, accessing the learning assistants, and utilizing a Tutor were tools that lead to my success this week.  These educators provided reassurance, redirection, instruction, and patience.  Many of these instructors directed me to resources that were available at my fingertips.

##  Utilizing our current data, the groupby function, and a more detailed time and date analysis would allow foring the investigation of peak ridership time and day of the week. Collection of address or pick of location can provide map related information.  The team should co nsider assessing a correlation with city type, events and holidays. Based on the data I would encourage the CEO to increase service in the Urban city area to meet the demand for service.  
